that would be mine. See, I wrote a note tomyself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so Iballed it up and...
...now I wish I was dead.
She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know,you've already fluffed that--but, it's fine!
Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give themany more ammunition than they already have.
Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can beabout the flatness of a child's pillow.
Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me.
I mean,you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly.
And not-not in a good way.
Yeah, calm down.
You don't see Ross getting allchaotic and twirly every time they come.
That's because as far as my parents are concerned,
Ross can do no wrong.
Y'see, he's the Prince.
Apparently they had some big ceremony before Iwas born.
Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
What?
Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster!
Eeaagh!
Has anybody seen my engagement ring?
Yeah, it's beautiful.
Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God....
No, look, don't touch that!
Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, havingto give it back to him...
'Hi Barry! Remember me?I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart infront of your entire family!'
Oh God and now I'mgonna have to return the ring, without the ring, whichmakes it so much harder...
Easy Rach, we'll find it.Won't we!
Oh! Yeah!
Alright, when'd'ya have it on last?
Doy! Probably right before she lost it!
You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days...
I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it whenI was in the kitchen with...
...Dinah?
Ohhhhh, don't be mad...
You didn't.
Oh, I am sorry...
I gave you one job!
Oh, but look how straight those noodles are!
Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look foran engagement ring in a lasagne...
I just... can't do it.
Boys? We're going in.
.....Hi.
Wow. That is not a happy hi.
Carol's pregnant.
Ooh! I found it!
W-w-wh-... wha-... w-w-w-...
Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might bewhere I am right about now.
Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective,huh, Mon?
Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing?
Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to beinvolved,
but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don'thave to be involved..
basically it's totally up to me.
She is so great! I miss her.
What does she mean by 'involved'?
I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job isdone.
Anyway, they want me to go down to this- sonogramthing with them tomorrow.
So what are you gonna do?
I have no idea. No matter what I do, though, I'm stillgonna be a father.
.....Well, this is still ruined, right?
Oh, Martha Ludwin's daughter is gonna call you.
Mmm! What's that curry taste?
Curry.
Mmmm!
I- I think they're great! I, I really do.
Do you remember the Ludwins? The big one had athing for you, didn't she?
They all had a thing for him.
Aw, Mom...
I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me?
Oh, she just graduated, and she wants to besomething in cooking, or food, or.... I don't know.
Anyway, I told her you had a restaurant-
No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in arestaurant.
Well, they don't have to know that...
Ross, could you come and help me with thespaghetti, please?
Yeah.
Oh, we're having spaghetti! That's.... easy.
I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish,
but, were you planning on bringing up the wholebaby/lesbian thing?
Because I think it might takesome of the heat off me.
What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into herparents at the club, they were not playing very well.
I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on thatwedding...
but forty thousand dollars is a lot ofmoney!
Well, at least she had the chance to leave a man atthe altar...
What's that supposed to mean?
Nothing! It's an expression.
No it's not.
Don't listen to your mother.
You're independent, andyou always have been!
Even when you were a kid...and you were chubby, and you had no friends,you were just fine!
And you would read alone inyour room,